Inital implementation (#1)
terraform-linters/tflint-load-config-action: README.md

| Name | Description | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `source-repo` | (Required) The repository to copy a tflint configuration from. Format: `owner/name` ||
| `source-path` | Path to the configuration in teh remote repo | `.` |
| `source-ref` | Ref or branch of the remote repository to target | `main` |

> | `destination-path` | File path to write the config file | `${{ runner.temp }}` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `destination-path` | File path to write the config file | `~/.tflint.hcl` |
```

Reviewer: Whoops was looking @ an outdated ref
